Hi there.
My name is Jaclyn, and I saw that I'm a UI UX designer I've been designing for a while now.
In today's tutorial, we're going to design a very simple, easy landing page, and we'll be using a
figma interactive component to make the design interactive.
That's the main thing we're going to learn in today's Video Sigma Interactive Components.
So I hope by the end of this video, you know how to use interactive components in Sigma.
Let's get started.
The first thing we're going to do is create an ad board or a frame.
So we'll do that by selecting the frame two and then selecting the 1440 by 1024 Frame or Artboard.
And the next thing is you create your grid as you can see me doing.
To do that, you press the plus icon by the layout grid.
And then you set the settings to what I have there.
Okay.
So now we have our grid done.
The next thing we are going to do is create a rectangle that is going to guide the design of our header.
Uh, menu.
Yeah.
So I had to.
After that, we're going to delete it.
It's just going to be used as a guide.
So you select the rectangle from your rectangular two and then draw it on your artboard.
Good.
The next thing we're going to do is we're going to find a logo.
This is not a logo design class, so we're going to use a placeholder logo.
So we'll find logo ipsum, right?
Logo Ipsum has a website and a figma plugin in this tutorial will be using the Figma plugin you right
click select plugin and then select browse plugins in community.
Then you search the plugin in the logo ipsum plugin in the search bar.
It appears if you don't have it installed, you just click the button and it installs.
It takes less than a second to install.
So once you're done installing, you come back to your Figma file, right click again, go to plugins
and find your plug in the logo ipsum plugin you installed.
Good.
So we're going to find our logo.
Fine.
Stretch that search.
Okay, so there we have it.
We find our logo.
We just click, just click on it and then appears on the dash, the artboard or your frame.
The next time it is out, drag it out and drag it back.
And the reason why I did that is because the logo wasn't already in my ads board.
I had to drag it back out and then back in so that it would appear inside my dashboard.
I just did a little.
Yeah, as you can see, our logo has a text beside it, so we'll be creating the text ourselves.
So you find a text to on the menu bar or you just press C on your keyboard and type, whatever it is
you have to type.
Design purpose with Chinese type design purpose.
Good.
Then we change
the font.
We change the font to Alegria stands as SI.
I hope I'm pronouncing it right.
Sans SC.
Yep.
Mm hmm.
And then we changed the font weight tables
and increased the text size.
Increase the font size.
Now align it.
Make sure that is well aligned and this piece is good enough for us and our group it.